- [Instructor] There will be many times
where you'll want to give temporary public access
to a binary object in a private bucket.
Enter into the picture presigned URLs.
Presigning URLs is always a temporary thing
for security purposes.
The default behavior is one hour for link expiration,
but that isn't always what you want.
So let's go ahead and create a download link
and show how that expiration function works.
So first step here is to create the presigned URL.
So in our terminal we are going to type aws s3 presign
and we're going to go to our s3 bucket,
our bucket name, I'm going to choose the lil1.txt file.
And then we're going to set our expires-in
and this is a time in seconds,
in this case I'm going to choose 30 seconds.
Now, I'm going to copy this link,
I'm going to take that link to our browser,
open up a new tab, execute that.
And you'll see I have This is file 1.
So it's actually pulled this file
and displayed it in my browser,
'cause it's a text file and Chrome can do that.
Now we're going to wait a little bit,
specifically we're going to wait the time it takes
to do this expiration.
If you did see an expiration the first time you did this,
it may just mean that you're going
just a little bit slower than I am.
And if that's the case, you could do a couple things.
You could either regenerate the link as is
and try to move a little faster,
or you can change that expiration time
and give yourself a little bit more time
to navigate from the terminal to the browser
and enter that link in.
At this point, we spent about 30 seconds,
my link should've expired.
So I'm going to go ahead and refresh.
And it indeed has expired.
I'm not getting an AccessDenied,
which is what I would expect.
There is one other thing that I want to talk to about
and that is the way that this URL is generated.